Due to the excessive size, the actual content of this folder can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1KCG0V2FOnUcdzR-Huqb_9wJwsI3pQqzR?usp=share_link) under "output.zip". This folder consists of the following directories:
- **DLRepay**: consists of multiple directories representing the results of multiple experiments. The results include DLRepay generation of SATD repayments, training and testing screen logs, and evaluation measures. The folder and file names describe the essence of each experiment.
   - For example, the *11_train_bigfix_test_satdr_code2code* folder contains the resluts of the DLRepay experiment where A-BigFix was used for training, the model inputs was code, and the model output was also code. The *iter_40_generation.java* file contains DLRepay generation of SATD repayments after 40 epochs of training.
- **UniXcoder**: consists of two folders: consists of multiple directories representing the results of multiple experiments. The results include UniXcoder generation of SATD repayments, training and testing screen logs, evaluation measures, and saved models. The folder and file names describe the essence of each experiment.
   - For example, the *bigfix_comment+code2code* folder contains the resluts of the baseline experiment where A-BigFix was used for training, the model inputs was comment and code, and the model output was code. The *checkpoint-best-score* folder contains the saved model. The *predictions.txt* file contains the model generation of SATD repayments
